TOMB RAIDER KING
Die. you bastard!
EPISODE 2: THE ONE THAT WILL BECOME
THE KING OF RELICS
Boss!
This belongs to me now.
My blade!
You see...
This is how you use this thing.
Hey!
Die!
He really stabbed us!
Well? Still up for it?
XIANG GALLERY
What did you just say?!
You guys got your ass beat
by Seo Joo-Heon?! What?
Did you think that was going
to be a reasonable excuse?!
He suddenly got faster!
Like he was a different person!
I could tell just by
the colour of his eyes!
So. how much did he take from you?
Uh. all the money from the account.
and the Buddha statue...
Huh?!
What are you doing?!
Take it back from him right now!
That's strange...
It's the same at other stores. too.
It's not even worth 50.000 won.
I'd throw it away.
Park was so flustered about it.
No way this is a cheap knockoff.
SPY SKILL ACTIVATED
DETECTED A SUSPICIOUS SUBSTANCE INSIDE THE STATUE
Suspicious substance?
Inside?
I see now.
Knew it.
It wasn't the kind of thing
you'd sell to a pawn shop.
Oh. Joo-Heon.
Hey. Mr. Geon-Woo. It's me.
XIANG GALLERY
Yes...
Chairman...
Yes.
I'm sorry...
Yes...
Who's there? I'm on the phone here.
Sis...
We came here after receiving a tip about
drug smuggling and distribution.
Drug? We're an art dealer here.
We're upstanding citizens.
All the evidence has been turned in.
We hear the smuggled goods
are being stored in a warehouse.
Why?! How does he know about
the warehouse in Gyeonggi?!
But you need a passcode to get
into the storage room...
A warehouse? Do you have proof?
Don't abuse your authority as police!
600 pieces of artwork
confirmed at the warehouse.
Drugs were found in all of them.
What?!
You opened all the storage rooms?!
Just give it up.
All of them have different passcodes...
This can't be happening.
Hold it right there. Madam President.
Here.
Prez. this is what happens
when you don't live honestly.
This voice... Seo Joo-Heon?!
No matter how much of a hassle it is.
you have to change your passcode regularly.
See you behind the bars.
Damn you. Seo Joo-Heon!
You'll remember this!
MR. GEON-WOO
You should be receiving
100 million won as a reward.
MR. GEON-WOO
Don't blow it in one go. Save the money. okay?
What a worrywart.
Now that I've secured
the initial funds.
I think I'll get some sleep at home.
I guess I'll start looking for a tomb
in earnest starting tomorrow.
Wha...
I remember my home was here...
A tomb just rose here?!
I can't tell if this is good or bad luck.
This is a real mess.
What's going on?
Are you okay?
Yes. I just got here.
Okay. get to it.
The government here doesn't know
about the tombs yet. yes?
The demolition will begin shortly.
It seems no one has noticed the tomb yet.
Excuse me.
Hello.
You...
Don't be so surprised. Linda Walker.
I wonder what the excavation team
from Japan is doing here.
Big talk. coming from an American.
Are you having jet lag?
You sure are an eager thief. Abe Kiyoshi.
We're all in the same boat. aren't we?
Don't act all high and mighty.
If you let your guard down.
we'll take the relics for ourselves.
Oh?
A cunning agent from Langley.
and the stupid excavation team from Japan...
So they're already here?
Anyway. demolition? Judging by the fact that
they don't know how to handle tombs.
there aren't any real experts here.
Okay.
Hey. this is...
There's no doubt.
It's Tomb Glyphs.
Tomb Glyphs. the language of relics.
They're kind enough to write detailed
accounts of themselves all over the tombs.
So if I read this.
I'll know everything from the entrance
to the tomb to the location of the traps.
Wow. what a great start.
Time to read this.
TITLE EXCEPTIONAL DECIPHERER UNLOCKED -
NEW SKILL OBTAINED
TOMB RAIDER BASIC SKILLS
LINGUISTIC RANK F ACTIVATED
That Crow bastard.
TOMB RAIDER BASIC SKILLS (2/4)
How nice.
Okay. I'll just have to activate
the remaining two. then.
Is this the place?
Time to head in.
What the?!
The tomb's entrance is opening!
Say what?! The entrance is opening?!
That's quite a dramatic way to open up.
What's going on here?!
It's about time I found something.
All right.
This should be the way.
Found it.
This should do it.
Looks like we have a guest.
How pitiful. Who dropped
something into this pond this time?
Hey! Over here!
Can't you see?
What a slob.
The golden sword and the silver sword.
Which one did you drop?
The relic here is The
Gold and Silver Axes.
It's a very famous folktale.
Based on "Mercury and the Woodcutter."
there are similar stories all over the place.
I think anyone from any country
could easily clear this.
But I'll be taking it this time.
Now. choose quickly.
Oh. boy. Neither is mine.
What an honest man.
Then is this yours?
It's just like the template.
If I say it's mine.
I can get the gold and silver swords.
as well as this blade. and clear the trial.
But...
Can I confirm if that's really mine?
Suit yourself.
What are you doing?!
Shut up! I don't trust you one bit!
Just because I cleared the trial doesn't mean
there's any guarantee I'll get a reward.
Besides. if I do get a reward. I might
end up being made into a murderer.
How do you know about it?!
The incident in America.
SERIAL KILLING IN AMERICA
The Gold and Silver Axes have.
ANOTHER CRIME BY A RELIC USER
at times. manipulated their owners
and turned them into serial killers.
Come at me! I'm taking you with me!
Just accept your defeat!
Do you really think you can
win me over with something like this?!
I wonder how long you can hold out.
I'll make you obey and submit
through my Dominance.
Affinity.
The ability to build a good relationship
with relics and work with them.
Dominance.
The ability to control relics and make them
obey commands through charisma.
Adaptability.
The depth of the connection
between a master and a relic
For example. a musician's ability
to encounter a relic of an instrument.
This one's a tough bastard!
Get off me! Get off me!
I'm definitely not going
to submit to the likes of you!
I'm not going to use something
like Symbiosis in this life!
Obey me!
If you won't admit defeat.
I'll just have to destroy you.
Hey. you hear me?!
Stop it!
You're giving me a hard time.
Stop putting up a fight. will you?
How gorgeous.
TITLE THE ONE WHO EXPERIENCED
THE TOMB UNLOCKED - NEW SKILL OBTAINED
TOMB RAIDER BASIC SKILLS -
TOMB EXCAVATION RANK F ACTIVATED
TOMB EXCAVATION (RANK F) INCREASED
UNDERSTANDING OF TOMB
Tomb Excavation skill?
What should I do now?
TITLE THE RELIC ABUSER UNLOCKED
The Relic Abuser?
INCREASES DOMINANCE. DECREASES AFFINITY
What? Abuser?
That damn Crow...
Is he messing with me?!
Here it is!
Found it! It's the lake!
Just as the prophecy said.
Come out now. relic!
What are you doing?!
Fools. It's too late.
Why isn't there any response?
But the Prophet said.
"Throw a relic into the pond."
Prophet?
It seems there are people in Japan
who use the relics of prophecy.
No. damn it! Don't pry. will you!
What now?
A quake!
This is bad news!
We gotta bail!
XIANG GALLERY
What the hell?
They took everything.
not a single thing is left.
Our president's been arrested...
Aren't we all totally out of work now?
I know that! It's all Joo-Heon's fault!
Unforgivable!
I can't just sit here and keep quiet!
That's my boss! You're going to put
Joo-Heon in his place. eh!
Obviously! You've got
Mr. Oh Seug-Woo here!
A man who always pays back
what he owes. a real man!
Yeah!
UNDERLING SEON JOO-HEON
What?
It's me. Hello?
Why did it take you so long to answer?
You wanna die?
You really don't know how to show
respect to your seniors!
Shut up.
I'll give you guys some work to do.
What the hell...
Yes. mission failed.
Huh? It had be prophesied?
What do you mean?
We only found out later that a Korean
had already taken the initiative.
Damn it! Why didn't you tell me
the most important information?!
You know what kind of person is
the user of Future Guide. right?
Don't tell me...
Kid can't read Kanji?!
You just can't help kids these days.
We'll be watching out as well.
so keep up the good work.
Also. be careful of that Korean.
Huh? What?
An ominous prophecy has been made.
The one who devours the world. it says.
What?! Midas?!
Midas is the world's largest secret auction.
held in Las Vegas.
If I can sneak in there. I might be
able to find out what he's up to.
Go to this month's regular auction
and look for the items up for auction
and a person named JK. Jack Kayman.
That's Kwon's alias.
Don't be stupid!
How are we supposed to go there?!
You figure it out.
I'll pay you generously.
so don't worry about expenses.
This is business.
You guys choose.
Obey me. or be beaten to death.
Thank you.
Well. I've got all the necessary
preparations done for now.
Time for some relic hunting.
- Breaking news.
This is the fourth random attack
to occur this month.
SELF-IMMOLATION ATTEMPT
It is reported that the suspect.
AT YEONGDEUNGPO STATION?
after behaving suspiciously.
attempted to set himself on fire.
Come to think of it.
I do remember a lot of incidents like this
happening before the tombs appeared.
Hey. where are you looking?
Oh? He's the guy I beat to
- It's all your fault I can't get through!
at the Gold and Silver Axes tomb.
If he's here. then...
- Hey! Apologise. will you!
That means a tomb will appear here.
At this time.
- Huh? What are you looking at?
the Japanese should have
a prophetic relic user.
- Huh? What are you looking at?
Anyway. he has a relic himself...
Not hiding the relic's aura... What an idiot.
- Are you listening?!
I don't know what that is. but I'll take it.
- You...
Hey! Don't ignore me!
What are you doing?!
Oh. sorry about this.
It got on my clothes!
Pay for the cleaning!
This one's got a high price tag!
Give me your money!
Give me a break. I'm broke.
It's not that expensive. is it?
Say what?!
You dropped your ID.
Give it back!
My cover's not blown yet. right?
If people know I'm here. it'll be bad news.
Bingo! The tomb spiral is starting.
A tomb is about to appear here.
Nice. Just as the prophecy said.
The spiral is about to begin now.
I know that. But there's a prophecy that
the Korean who stole the axe relic is near you.
Also. I don't know what it means. but you've
been warned to "be careful with alcohol."
That guy!
The one in the prophecy?!
I'm getting the katana relic next.
You're quite an ambitious
master. aren't you?
That's how my master should be.
Silver Axe. don't come
out until I tell you.
Huh? Master. you're not
one to feed your pets?
I'll just get the katana relic quick.
and go to the Future Guide relic.
If I can see the future through prophecy.
I'll have nothing to fear.
Next time.
"The One Well-Suited to Dominate."
Now. how do I steal it from that user?
EPISODE 3: THE ONE WELL-SUITED TO DOMINATE